[14.0][IMP] project_task_pull_request:   PR URI in main task view (#934)
OCA/project: project_task_pull_request/readme/USAGE.rst

#. Go to Dashboard and select a project
#. Attempt to move one of the project's task without a PR URI into one of
   the stages you selected to require a PR; you will receive a Validation Error

> #. To add a PR URI to a task, click on the task ans set it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To add a PR URI to a task, click on the task and set it in the corresponding field in the header.
```
